oh damn it leave us alone the last thing
we need is some little [ __ ] boy hanging
around all summer nice doggy
go play taking to the orphanage right
this minute whether we dig into the
orphanage and time up and throw him in a
lake it's our business not yours for
Walter spending the summer with his
uncle's was the last place he wanted to
be Helen do you worry about the future
the Mississippi Mutual Insurance Company
he was stuck in the middle of nowhere
you sleep up there we don't know nothing
about kids if we kick off in the middle
of the night on your own with two crazy
old men and nothing to do is it okay if
I go inside and watch television ain't
got one no television hey no TV but
sometimes you can find adventure in the
most unlikely places
Sadie's two old man Amelia stashed right
nobody knows where they got it the bank
robbers from the 20s and 30s you two
disappeared for 40 years where are you
you know what I don't like about half
get dinner table chitchat chitchat
New Line Cinema presents so you think
you are on odd McCain's I fought two
world wars and killed any man and loved
only one more up always holds bad guys
Michael Caine this was the best idea you
ever had
you bought used life it's defective can
I keep it
Robert Duvall those stories are true
aren't they sometimes the things that
may or may not be true are the things
that man needs to believe in the most
whoa Haley Joel Osment I'm gonna live
here there's gonna be some conditions
bishop's no more dangerous stuff no
fighting teenagers Oh airplanes more
vegetables they can live to be a hundred
you live to be a hundred less meat all
right mark you the expect us to die of
old age secondhand lions
you
directed by Tim McCandless